Reorganisation of the proxy page (#3711)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-proxies.md

---
import RPC from "./../../components/RPC-Connection"

Much like controller accounts in
[staking](learn-staking.md), proxies allow users to use an account (it can be a stash account in cold storage or another account in a hot wallet) less frequently but actively

> participate in the network with the weight of the tokens in that account. Proxies can be viewed as an "extreme" version of a controller account, i.e. proxies are allowed to perform a limited amount of actions related to specific [substrate pallets](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/frame-pallets/) on behalf of another account. Check out the video below about proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
participate in the network with the weight of the tokens in that account. Proxies can be viewed as a more powerful and flexible version of a controller account, i.e. proxies are allowed to perform a limited amount of actions related to specific [substrate pallets](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/frame-pallets/) on behalf of another account. Check out the video below about proxies.
```

Reviewer: Also please change the last sentence to something like "You can view the video below for more information on proxies and see how they are used" (depending on what exactly is in the video).

In general, we want to avoid extremely casual language like "check out" meaning "see".

Author: Thank you Bill, this is very helpful to know as many pages have this kind of informal jargon.

[![Proxy Accounts](https://img.youtube.com/vi/1tcygkq52tU/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tcygkq52tU)

## Why use a Proxy?

> Proxies are great to use for specific purposes because they add in a layer of security. Rather than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proxies are useful because they add in a layer of security. Rather than
```

> using funds in one sole account, smaller accounts with unique roles complete tasks for the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using funds in a single account, smaller accounts with unique roles complete tasks for the main
```

> stash account. This drives attention away from the main account and to proxies.

Reviewer: Part of this is attention, but the main idea here is that proxies can be "hotter" than the initial account (stash), which can be kept cold but the "weight" of the tokens can be still be used by the hotter accounts.

Author: Will add this in the text

---
import RPC from "./../../components/RPC-Connection"

Much like controller accounts in

> [staking](learn-staking.md), proxies allow users to use an account (it can be a stash account in cold storage or another account in a hot wallet) less frequently but actively

Reviewer 2: Linking to the specific section. Also, keeping the introduction paragraph light. 

```suggestion
[staking](learn-staking.md#stash-and-controller-accounts-for-staking), proxies allow users to use an account (it can be in cold storage or a hot wallet) less frequently but actively
```

participate in the network with the weight of the tokens in that account. Proxies can be viewed as a more powerful and flexible version of a controller account, i.e. proxies are allowed to perform a limited amount of actions related to specific [substrate pallets](https://docs.substrate.io/reference/frame-pallets/) on behalf of another account. The video below contains more information about using proxies.

[![Proxy Accounts](https://img.youtube.com/vi/1tcygkq52tU/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tcygkq52tU)

## Why use a Proxy?

> Proxies are useful because they add a layer of security. Rather than

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proxies are helpful because they let you delegate efficiently and add a layer of security. Rather than
```

> using funds in a single account, smaller accounts with unique roles complete tasks for the main

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using funds in a single account, smaller accounts with unique roles can complete tasks on behalf of the main
```

stash account.  Proxies can be _hotter_ than the initial account, which can be kept cold, but the _weight_ of the tokens in the colder account can be used by the hotter accounts. This increases the security of your accounts by minimizing the number of transactions the cold account has to make. This also drives attention away from the stash account, although it is possible to determine the relationship between the proxy and the proxied account.

> Here below there is an example of how you might use these accounts. Imagine you have one stash account as your primary token-holding account and don't want to access it very often, but you do want to participate in staking to earn staking rewards. You could set one of your existing accounts as a staking proxy for that stash account. Note that here the stash account is also the controller, but it does not matter because you will always use your staking proxy to sign staking-related transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shown below is an example of how you might use these accounts. Imagine you have one stash account as your primary token-holding account and don't want to access it very often, but you want to participate in staking to earn staking rewards. You could set one of your existing accounts as a staking proxy for that stash account. The stash account is also the controller here, but it does not matter because you will always use your staking proxy to sign staking-related transactions.
```

- Identity Judgement
- Auction

When a proxy account makes a transaction, Polkadot filters the desired transaction to ensure
that the proxy account has the appropriate permission to make that transaction on behalf of the cold
account. For example, staking proxies have permission to do only staking-related transactions.

> ### Any

Reviewer 2: Search Engine Optimization (SEO)

```suggestion
### Any Proxy
```

As implied by the name, a proxy type of **Any** allows the proxy account to make any transaction,
including balance transfers. In most cases, this should be avoided as the proxy account is used more
frequently than the cold account and is therefore less secure.

> ### Non-transfer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Non-transfer Proxy
```

Proxies that are of the type **Non-transfer** are accounts that allow any type of transaction except
[balance transfers](learn-balance-transfers.md) (including [vested](learn-DOT.md/#vesting) transfers).

> ### Governance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Governance Proxy
```

:::

> ### Staking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Staking Proxy
```

The **Staking** type allows staking-related transactions. Do not confuse a staking proxy with the
controller account. Within the staking pallet, some transactions must come from the stash account, while
others must come from the controller account. The stash account is meant to stay in cold storage, while the
controller account makes day-to-day transactions like setting session keys or deciding which
validators to nominate. The stash account still needs to make some transactions such as bonding extra funds or designating a new controller account. A proxy doesn't change the _roles_ of stash and controller accounts but does allow the stash to be accessed even less frequently than using a controller account.

> ### Identity Judgement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Identity Judgement Proxy
```

The **Identity Judgement** proxies are in charge of allowing registrars to make judgments on an account's
identity. If you are unfamiliar with judgment and identities on chain, please refer to
[this page](learn-identity.md#judgements).

> ### Cancel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Cancel Proxy
```

Proxies that are of the type **Cancel** allow accounts to reject and remove any time-delay proxy 
announcements.

> ### Auction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Auction Proxy
```

{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositBase" defaultValue={66693000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :kusama }}
and the `ProxyDepositFactor` is 
{{ polkadot: <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositFactor" defaultValue={330000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :polkadot }}{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositFactor" defaultValue={110000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :kusama }}.

The required deposit amount for one proxy is equal to:

{{ polkadot: <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositBase" defaultValue={200080000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositBase" defaultValue={66693000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :kusama }} + 
{{ polkadot: <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositFactor" defaultValue={330000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositFactor" defaultValue={110000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :kusama }} * num_proxies

## Time-delayed Proxies

We can add a layer of security to proxies by giving them a delay time. The delay will be

> quantified in a number of blocks. {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} has approximately 6 seconds of block time. A delay value of 10 will mean 10 blocks, which equals approximately 1 minute of delay.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quantified in blocks. {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} has approximately 6 seconds of block time. A delay value of 10 will mean ten blocks, which equals about one minute delay.
```

> The proxy will announce its intended action and wait for the number

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The proxy will announce its intended action and will wait for the number
```

check with the respective parachain team for any possible issues pertaining to the crowdloan rewards 
distribution.

## Removing Proxies

:::info Removing proxies

> The remove proxies read the section "Removing Proxies" on [this support page](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182179-how-to-create-a-proxy-account).

Reviewer: Ungrammatical, please re-word

Author: Done

{{ polkadot: <RPC network="polkadot" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositFactor" defaultValue={330000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="consts.proxy.proxyDepositFactor" defaultValue={110000000} filter="humanReadable"/> :kusama }} * num_proxies

## Anonymous Proxies (aka key-less anonymous accounts)

:::info

> To create an **anonymous proxy account** check out [this support article](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182196).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an **anonymous proxy account** see [this support article](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182196).
```

:::

:::note Explainer video on anonymous proxies

Learn more about anonymous proxies from our
[technical explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWq53zXo7dw&list=PLOyWqupZ-WGuAuS00rK-pebTMAOxW41W8&index=28&ab_channel=Polkadot).

:::

:::danger Risk of loss of funds

Read carefully the text below and before performing any action using anonymous proxies on {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }}, experiment on the Westend testnet.

:::

> Anonymous proxies are not real proxies. Proxies that we described so far are _existing accounts_ assigned as proxies by a primary account. These proxies act on behalf of the primary account reducing the exposure of the primary account's private key. Remember, the more often we use an account's private key to sign for different things, the more we expose such key to the internet increasing the visibility of that account. The purpose a proxies is thus to draw the attention of potential attackers away from the primary account, as proxies' private keys will be used most of the time to perform actions on behalf of the primary account. We can imagine proxies as bodyguards of a VIP, loyal and ready to risk their life to ensure the VIP's protection.

Reviewer: "are not real proxies"

I would say "they are very different from other proxy types".

also change "such key" to "that key" and add a comma after "internet".

Reviewer: There are actually a few more grammatical errors here - I believe we have Grammarly access, please talk to Radha to get it installed.

Author: Asked in the Element chat about Grammarly. The other points are fixed now.

> Anonymous proxies are new accounts that are _created_ (not assigned) by a primary account. That primary account then acts as `any proxy` on behalf of the anonymous proxy. Note that, to avoid confusion, in this section we will refer to `Anon` for anonymous proxy. Anon are not real proxies, they are **key-less anonymous accounts** as they do have an address but do not have a corresponding private key and, in some sense, are anonymous and belong to nobody. Nobody owns the Anon, as nobody has a private key to control it. The use of the Anon is strictly bound to the relationship between the Anon and the `Any` proxy (not necessarily the one who created the Anon in the first place). Once that relationship is broken, the Anon will be inaccessible (even if visible on the Polkadot-JS UI). Also, Anon accounts are non-deterministic, this means that if we lose one Anon, the next one we create from the same primary account will have a totally different address.

Reviewer: "A-nonymous" means "without a name", so the "belonging" part doesn't really belong here. I have always seen them as more like "anonymous functions" - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anonymous_function

Author: Removed the belonging part

> Anon accounts cannot sign anything because they do not have private keys. As a consequence, Anon cannot act as proxies (which is controversial given their original name), and cannot be included in multi-sig. An Anon account acting as a proxy will not be able to sign anything on behalf of the primary account, and an Anon within a multi-sig will not be able neither to initiate nor to approve any call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anon accounts cannot sign anything because they do not have private keys. As a consequence, Anon cannot act as proxies (which is admittedly confusing given their original name), and cannot be included in multi-sig. An Anon account acting as a proxy will not be able to sign anything on behalf of the primary account, and an Anon within a multi-sig will not be able neither to initiate nor to approve any call.
```

:::danger 

Once you remove the relationship with `Any` proxy, the Anon will be inaccessible. Also, Anon accounts cannot sign for anything. For example, do not include Anon in a multi-sig account.

:::

### Why bother about Anon accounts?

Despite their complexity and associated dangers, Anon accounts have a few important benefits:

- **Enhanced security**. Anon accounts cannot be stolen because they do not have private keys. The only accounts that have full access to the Anon are `Any` proxies. Security can be further increased if the `Any` proxy is a multi-signature account.

> - **Simplified and secure account management at corporate-level**. Probably the greatest benefit of using Anon accounts is for the management of complex account relationships at corporate-level. Let's take for example 3 Board members Alice, Bob and Charlie. They create a multi-signature account `ABC 1` holding the treasury of their company, and they use it to create the anonymous account `Anon`. They transfer the treasury to the Anon, and they decide to add the multi-signature account `DEF` composed by Dan, Eleanor and Frank (Finance Team) as a staking proxy of Anon to delegate all staking-related actions. After some time, Charlie decides to leave the company. Alice and Bob just have to create a new multi-sig account `ABC 2` (with Carl, the new member of the Board), add it as `Any` proxy to the Anon, and remove `ABC 1`. The rest of the relationships between the Anon and any other proxy stays the same, and the process will always require 4 signatures (two to add ABC 2 as a new proxy, and two remove ABC 1). Without the Anon, the funds will stay on ABC 1. If Charlie leaves, Alice and Bob will have to create ABC 2 with Carl and transfer all funds to it from ABC 1, remove any proxy from ABC 1 and add them to ABC 2. This procedure must be repeated for any modifications of the Board membership. The procedure not only requires much more signatures (4 signatures for each proxy in the case of a multi-sig with `threshold=2`), but it also exposes all funds to potential attackers every time the Board changes its members.

Reviewer: Remove "-" from "corporate-level"

Reviewer: I'd also separate this into several paragraphs.

Ideally, you would add a diagram for this, but that's not necessary for this PR.

Author: Split into different paragraphs.

Yes I was planning to add a diagram based on the slides of the new tutorial video.

:::caution Removing anonymous proxies

The procedure for removing an Anon is different from the one used to remove proxies. Visit the section "Removing an Anonymous Proxy" on [this support article](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182196).

:::

## Time-delayed Proxies

> We can add an additional layer of security to proxies by giving them a delay time. The delay will be

Reviewer: I'd add "approximately" to all of these times, since block time can vary, and blocks for a specific slot can be missed.

Author: Done

:::

## Proxy calls 

Proxy calls are used by proxies to call proxied accounts. These calls are especially important for anonymous proxies, as any attempt to sign transactions with an anonymous proxy will fail. For more details see the [dedicated section about anonymous proxies](#anonymous-proxies).

:::info Walk-through tutorial video

> You can see this video tutorial that goes through the scenarios below. The tutorial requires some familiarity with the Extrinsic Tab of the Polkadot-JS UI.

Reviewer 2: Add the relevant video link here

Author: I will produce those short videos very soon

:::

### Nested Proxy Calls

> As the term suggests, nested proxy calls are proxy calls within proxy calls. Such calls are needed if there are proxied accounts that are proxies themselves. In the example diagram below, Alice has a stash account that has a staking proxy account, Anon. Anon is an anonymous proxy, a proxied account originally spawned by Charly that is now a any proxy of Anon and signs everything on its behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the term suggests, nested proxy calls are proxy calls within proxy calls. Such calls are needed if there are proxied accounts that are proxies themselves. In the example diagram below, Alice has a stash account that has a _staking_ proxy account, _Anon_. _Anon_ is an _anonymous_ proxy, a proxied account originally spawned by Charly that is now an _any_ proxy of _Anon_ and signs everything on its behalf.
```

![nested proxy calls 2x](../assets/nested_proxy_calls_2x.png)

> In this case, for example to bond more funds, Charly needs to submit a `prox.proxy` extrinsic to Anon, which in turn submits a `proxy.proxy` extrinsic to Alice including a `staking.bondExtra` extrinsic call, specifying the number of tokens that need to be bounded. If Charly wants to leave, a new account can take his place as any proxy (before Charly leaves!). There is no need to change the staking proxy account. Also, Alice is the only one who can remove Anon as a staking proxy, and Anon can only perform staking-related tasks. For example, Anon cannot send funds out from Alice's account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to bond more funds, Charly needs to submit a `prox.proxy` extrinsic to Anon, which in turn submits a `proxy.proxy` extrinsic to Alice including a `staking.bondExtra` extrinsic call, specifying the number of tokens that need to be bounded. If Charly wants to leave, a new account can take his place as any proxy (before Charly leaves!). There is no need to change the staking proxy account. Also, Alice is the only one who can remove Anon as a staking proxy, and Anon can only perform staking-related tasks. For example, Anon cannot send funds out from Alice's account.
```

:::note

Proxy calls can be done using the Extrinsic Tab in the Polkadot-JS UI. Nested proxy calls can be done by calling each `proxy.proxy` extrinsic separately, or in some cases by just calling the last `proxy.proxy` extrinsic. In the diagram above, submitting Extrinsic (1.2) will automatically ask for the signature of Extrinsic (1.1). In the diagram below, submitting Extrinsic (1.3) will still ask for the signature of Extrinsic (1.2) and not (1.1). If you wish to sign with Bob's account you need to manually submit all three extrinsics.

:::

![nested proxy calls 3x](../assets/nested_proxy_calls_3x.png)

> ## Anonymous Proxies

Reviewer 2: Add an info not here mentioning that they are now called Pure Proxies and the reasoning/reference links

Author: Done

:::info

To create an **anonymous proxy account** see [this support article](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182196), or watch [this technical explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T443RcCYP24).

:::

:::note Explainer video on anonymous proxies

Learn more about anonymous proxies from our
[technical explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkYApbhU3i0).

:::

:::danger Risk of loss of funds

Read carefully the text below and before performing any action using anonymous proxies on {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }}, experiment on the Westend testnet.

:::

> Anonymous proxies are very different from other proxy types. Proxies that we described so far are _existing accounts_ assigned as proxies by a primary account. These proxies act on behalf of the primary account reducing the exposure of the primary account's private key. Remember, the more often we use an account's private key to sign for different things, the more we expose that key to the internet, increasing the visibility of that account. The purpose of a proxy is thus to draw the attention of potential attackers away from the primary account, as proxies' private keys will be used most of the time to perform actions on behalf of the primary account. We can imagine proxies as bodyguards of a VIP, loyal and ready to risk their lives to ensure the VIP's protection.

Reviewer 2: The proxies <-> bodyguards analogy works for the context of security. In general, the analogy of an organization with different departments, Prime minister/President with different ministers for different tasks and privileges is stated.

```suggestion
Anonymous proxies are very different from other proxy types. The proxies we described so far are _existing accounts_ assigned as proxies by a primary account. These proxies act on behalf of the primary account, reducing the exposure of the primary account's private key. Remember, the more often we use an account's private key to sign transactions, the more we expose that key to the internet, increasing the visibility of that account. The purpose of a proxy is thus to draw the attention of potential attackers away from the primary account, as proxies' private keys will be used most of the time to perform actions on behalf of the primary account. We can imagine proxies as bodyguards of a VIP, loyal and ready to risk their lives to ensure the VIP's protection.
```

Author: I will more context in the last commits, beyond security

![anonymous proxies](../assets/proxy_vs_anon.png)

> Anonymous proxies are new accounts that are _created_ (not assigned) by a primary account. That primary account then acts as `any proxy` on behalf of the anonymous proxy. Note that, to avoid confusion, in this section we will refer to `Anon` for anonymous proxy. Anon are **key-less anonymous accounts** as they do have an address but do not have a corresponding private key and, in some sense, are anonymous as nobody has a private key to control it. The use of the Anon is strictly bound to the relationship between the Anon and the `Any` proxy (not necessarily the one who created the Anon in the first place). Once that relationship is broken, the Anon will be inaccessible (even if visible on the Polkadot-JS UI). Also, Anon accounts are non-deterministic, this means that if we lose one Anon, the next one we create from the same primary account will have a different address.

Reviewer 2: Uniformity when referring to `Anon`

```suggestion
Anonymous proxies are new accounts that are _created_ (not assigned) by a primary account. That primary account then acts as _any_ proxy on behalf of the anonymous proxy. Note that, to avoid confusion, in this section we will refer to _Anon_ for anonymous proxy. _Anon_ are **key-less anonymous accounts** as they do have an address but do not have a corresponding private key and, in some sense, are anonymous as nobody has a private key to control it. The use of the _Anon_ is strictly bound to the relationship between the _Anon_ and the _any_ proxy (not necessarily the one who created the _Anon_ in the first place). Once that relationship is broken, the _Anon_ will be inaccessible (even if visible on the Polkadot-JS UI). Also, _Anon_ accounts are non-deterministic, this means that if we lose one _Anon_, the next one we create from the same primary account will have a different address.
```

> Anon accounts cannot sign anything because they do not have private keys. As a consequence, Anon cannot act as proxies (which is admittedly confusing given their original name), and cannot be included in multi-sig. An Anon account acting as a proxy will not be able to sign anything on behalf of the primary account, and an Anon within a multi-sig will be able neither to initiate nor to approve any call.

Reviewer 2: Removing factually incorrect content

```suggestion
_Anon_ accounts cannot sign anything because they do not have private keys. Although _Anon_ cannot sign any transaction directly, they can act as proxies (or better, proxy channels) within `proxy.proxy` calls. 
```

Author: Right! I wrote this before discovering proxy calls.

:::danger 

> Once you remove the relationship with `Any` proxy, the Anon will be inaccessible. Also, Anon accounts cannot sign for anything. For example, do not include Anon in a multi-sig account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you remove the relationship with _any_ proxy, the Anon will be inaccessible. Also, Anon accounts cannot sign for anything.
```

:::

:::caution Removing anonymous proxies

> The procedure for removing an Anon is different from the one used to remove proxies. Visit the section "Removing an Anonymous Proxy" on [this support article](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182196), or watch [this technical explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T443RcCYP24).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The procedure for removing an _Anon_ is different from the one used to remove proxies. Visit the section "Removing an Anonymous Proxy" on [this support article](https://support.polkadot.network/support/solutions/articles/65000182196), or watch [this technical explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T443RcCYP24).
```

:::

## Why Anonymous Proxies?

> Despite their complexity and associated dangers, Anon accounts have important benefits. We discuss these benefits below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Despite their complexity and associated dangers, _Anon_ accounts have important benefits. We discuss these benefits below.
```

Author: I remember Ross or Kian saying to put in `` only code stuff. Maybe we can put it in italic? Just trying to stay consistent. We might add these things in the contribution section so that everybody know? Also the title capitalization you sent me yesterday? This applies to some other comments below.

### Enhanced Security

> Anon accounts cannot be stolen because they do not have private keys. The only accounts that have full access to the Anon are `Any` proxies. Security can be further increased if the `Any` proxy is a multi-signature account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anon accounts cannot be stolen because they do not have private keys. The only accounts that have full access to the _Anon_ are _Any_ proxies. Security can be further increased if the _Any_ proxy is a multi-signature account.
```

### Simplified and Secure Account Management at a Corporate Level

:::info Walk-through tutorial video

You can see [this video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkYApbhU3i0) that goes through this scenario. The tutorial requires some familiarity with the Extrinsic Tab of the Polkadot-JS UI.

:::

> Probably the greatest benefit of using Anon accounts is the management of complex account relationships at a corporate level. Let's take for example 3 accounts belonging to Charlie, Dan and Eleanor working for Company X. Charlie holds funds belonging to Company X, but he wants to leave the company and transfer the economic responsibility to Eleanor. Dan is a staking proxy of Charlie.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Probably the greatest benefit of using _Anon_ accounts is the management of complex account relationships at a corporate level. Let's take for example 3 accounts belonging to Charlie, Dan and Eleanor working for Company X. Charlie holds funds belonging to Company X, but he wants to leave the company and transfer the economic responsibility to Eleanor. Dan is a staking proxy of Charlie.
```

:::

It is possible to put an anonymous proxy within a multisig, and then transactions will be signed by the _any proxy(ies)_ on behalf of the anonymous proxy (proxied account). Let's take for example the diagram below. Alice, Bob and Anon are part of the multisig AB_anon, a multisig account with threshold 2. Anon is an anonymous proxy spawned by Charlie, who now acts as any proxy and thus signs anything on behalf of Anon. The anonymous proxy cannot sign directly because it does not have a private key. So, for example, to send funds from the multisig to Dan, Charly needs to submit a `proxy.proxy` extrinsic to Anon, which in turn will submit a `multisg.asMulti` extrinsic to AB_anon containing the call data for the `balances.transferKeepAlive` extrinsic about the transfer of some funds from AB_anon to Dan. Alice can then approve the transfer by submitting a multisig.asMulti extrinsic also containing the call data for the `balances.transferKeepAlive` extrinsic about the transfer of some funds from AB_anon to Dan.

![multisig with one anon](../assets/multisig_with_one_anon.png)

> If Charly wants to leave the multisig, a new any proxy can be added to Anon and Charly can be removed (by himself or by the new any proxy). Note that the multisig also contains Bob that in this specific example does not do anything.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Charly wants to leave the multisig, a new _any_ proxy can be added to Anon and Charly can be removed (by himself or by the new any proxy). Note that the multisig also contains Bob that in this specific example does not do anything.
```

:::note Proxy calls

To use an anonymous proxy within a multisig you need to use the Extrinsic Tab and generate a `proxy.proxy` extrinsic. If you try to sign a multisig transaction using the anonymous proxy you will be prompted with a warning. Remember, you cannot sign something directly if you do not have a private key.

:::

#### Multisig made of Anonymous Proxies

:::info Walk-through tutorial video

> You can see this video tutorial that goes through this scenario. The tutorial requires some familiarity with the Extrinsic Tab of the Polkadot-JS UI.

Reviewer 2: Add the relevant video link here
